Yes go away
Zhao Tiegang supervised
You don't welcome people from the Chen family when they come.
How dare you!
And play chess
You guys are doing great.
I'll fuck you
Eyeless thing
How dare you hit me?
Do you know who I am now?
Ah, I just know a dog from the Chen family
Fart I am the son-in-law of the Chen family
Did you see the butler?
That's the guy.
He was very successful.
He looks related to Zhao Tiegang
In Nancheng with him is a traditional instrument
Are the two doing evil?
Boy, I'd like to see how many fetal hairs you have grown
Dare to oppose our Chen family
The boy got under my crotch
I will spare you
Bold can't be powerless oh oh
Old dog, I'm against Chen Jiao
Let you come to me, you even dare to go to his family?